README.md, before:

# get-shit-done

get-shit-done is an easy to use command line program that blocks websites known to distract us from our work.

After cloning this repository, put it in your $PATH and ensure it is executable.

Execute it as root because it modifies your hosts file and restarts your network daemon.

## To get-shit-done

    $ sudo get-shit-done work

## To no longer get-shit-done

    $ sudo get-shit-done play

### $siteList

Add or remove elements of this array for sites to block or unblock.

### ~/.get-shit-done.ini

Appends additional sites to block.  Duplicates will be removed, and www is prepended.

    sites = foo.com, bar.com, baz.com

### $restartNetworkingCommand

Update this variable with the path to your network daemon along with any parameters needed to restart it.

### $hostsFile

Update this variable to point to the location of your hosts file. Make sure it is an absolute path.

# Updates

It's amazing how fast this repository has grown, I had never expected a single link on Hacker News would have caused that! I love it.

I'd really love if anyone wanted to follow some of my other repositories, including [jolt](https://github.com/leftnode/jolt) or [dbmigrator](https://github.com/leftnode/dbmigrator). I think both are promising projects and I know I could use some help on them.

Thanks!

-Vic Cherubini

Commit message:

Renamed everything to stuff, more PG.

README.md, after:

# get-stuff-done

get-stuff-done is an easy to use command line program that blocks websites known to distract us from our work.

After cloning this repository, put it in your $PATH and ensure it is executable.

Execute it as root because it modifies your hosts file and restarts your network daemon.

## To get-stuff-done

    $ sudo get-stuff-done work

## To no longer get-stuff-done

    $ sudo get-stuff-done play

### $siteList

Add or remove elements of this array for sites to block or unblock.

### ~/.get-stuff-done.ini

Appends additional sites to block.  Duplicates will be removed, and www is prepended.

    sites = foo.com, bar.com, baz.com

### $restartNetworkingCommand

Update this variable with the path to your network daemon along with any parameters needed to restart it.

### $hostsFile

Update this variable to point to the location of your hosts file. Make sure it is an absolute path.

# Updates

It's amazing how fast this repository has grown, I had never expected a single link on Hacker News would have caused that! I love it.

I'd really love if anyone wanted to follow some of my other repositories, including [jolt](https://github.com/leftnode/jolt) or [dbmigrator](https://github.com/leftnode/dbmigrator). I think both are promising projects and I know I could use some help on them.

Thanks!

-Vic Cherubini
